feat(design/autoware-architecture/sensing): add radar sensing document (#518)
autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation: docs/design/autoware-architecture/sensing/data-types/radar-data/reference-implementations/data-message.md

geometry_msgs/Point position                # x, y, z coordinates of the centroid of the object being tracked.
geometry_msgs/Vector3 velocity              # The velocity of the object in each spatial dimension.
geometry_msgs/Vector3 acceleration          # The acceleration of the object in each spatial dimension.
geometry_msgs/Vector3 size                  # The object size as represented by the radar sensor eg. length, width, height OR the diameter of an ellipsoid in the x, y, z, dimensions
                                            # and is from the sensor frame's view.
uint16 classification                       # An optional classification of the object (see above)
float32[6] position_covariance              # Upper-triangle covariance about the x, y, z axes
float32[6] velocity_covariance              # Upper-triangle covariance about the x, y, z axes
float32[6] acceleration_covariance          # Upper-triangle covariance about the x, y, z axes
float32[6] size_covariance                  # Upper-triangle covariance about the x, y, z axes
```

### Message usage for RadarTracks

- Object classifications

> For object classifications [radar_msgs/msg/RadarTrack.msg](https://github.com/ros-perception/radar_msgs/blob/ros2/msg/RadarTrack.msg), additional vendor-specific classifications are permitted starting from 32000.
> In addition to this, considering [existing label definition](https://gitlab.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.auto/autoware_auto_msgs/-/blob/master/autoware_auto_perception_msgs/msg/ObjectClassification.idl), Autoware define object classifications as below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Classes not defined in [radar_msgs/msg/RadarTrack.msg](https://github.com/ros-perception/radar_msgs/blob/ros2/msg/RadarTrack.msg) like vendor-specific classifications can be added by using uint64 starting from 32000.
Considering [existing label definition](https://gitlab.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.auto/autoware_auto_msgs/-/blob/master/autoware_auto_perception_msgs/msg/ObjectClassification.idl), Autoware defines object classifications as below.
```

Author: Fixed df7efc6
